Search
                                            
                                        
                                        By aafreen
                                    Every AI tool invention comes with benefits and controversies. Same thing happening with ChatGPT-3. The use of AI Chatbots now becomes common in most US universities.  Many Ivy League university students these days use AI tools like chat GPT for their assignments. This concerns many elite professors that students are not using their analytical thinking and depending on AI. A Philosophy Professor Antony Aumann at Northern Michigan University when viewing one of the essays of his student, he was impressed by his writing skills. But when he read the paragraph, which examines the morality of Burqa bans with clear examples and rigorous arguments, he quickly recognises that students used Chat GPT. Now universities changing their ways to redesign their courses for assignment purposes. Open AI is a San Francisco-based company and one of the leading artificial intelligence laboratories.  Its ChatGPT 3 is now ardently used in many universities and digital marketing companies, now they are building soon GPT-4, which can generate more text better than previous versions.  Google has developed Lamda in response to ChatGPT-3.  Silicon Valley startups include Stability AI and Characters.AI both of them working on generating AI tools. ChatGPT now becomes a hot topic of discussion in many universities. Many universities set up a task force and adds some detectors to prevent the use of Chat GPT. Universities like George Washington, Rutgers University in Brunswick, and Appalachian University in Boone professors now redesign their assignment structures.  Now they are using different methods HomeWorks, handwritten work, group work, and oral exams for students to prevent them from using ChatGPT-3 Frederick Luis Aldama, the humanities chair at the University of Texas at Austin said “he plans to teach newer or niche texts that ChatGPT may have less information about, such as B. William Shakespeare’s early sonnets instead of A Midsummer Night’s Dream. The chatbot can motivate people who rely on canonical, primary texts to look beyond their comfort zone for things that aren’t online.” Mr. Aldama also said that they are also implementing strict measures to evaluate essays now essays are not just a thesis, an introduction, supporting paragraphs, and a conclusion. Now they want students to implement their creativity, imagination, and analysis in their essays. Washington University in St. Louis and the University of Vermont in Burlington are drafting revisions to their academic integrity policies to include artificially generated text in their plagiarism definitions. Some universities are planning to use AI detectors tools to detect AI tools use in colleges. Turnitin a plagiarism detection service adds that it’ll be adding more AI identification features this year that identify ChatGPT. Princeton University senior Edward Tian a creator of the GPTZero program quickly recognizes AI-generated text.I spent New Years building GPTZero — an app that can quickly and efficiently detect whether an essay is ChatGPT or human written

Harvard University, Yale University, the University of Rhode Island, and others have signed up for the GPTZeror program. Also Read: Idaho Murder Case Suspect Bryan Kohberger
                    
                        Previous Article
                    
                Apple has announced a massive price drop in the existing models after the launch of the iPhone...Syed YusufJust about half a year ago, we had the Oppo Reno5 5G in for review and now the Reno6 series...AartiHere’s how you can get KYC verified on Crypto Exchanges in less than 10 minutes. You can safely...LeekeshWhat is call spoofing using which conman Sukesh Chandrashekhar tricked Bollywood's famous...poojaFire Boltt Ninja 2 Launched: Fire Boltt has launched Ninja 2, a budget-friendly smartwatch...LeekeshIf you are looking forward to earning through one of your social media platforms, then earning...Syed YusufLeekeshE-UzmaE-UzmapoojaLeekeshaafreenaafreen
                                    
                                Copyright  2022 Agnito